[Music]
now I'm taking my last ride
I paid the highest price you can pay
I'm on my way to others feel
upon first grade is where I'll be to
rest until the end of times
[Music] thank you for your patience tonight welcome back to Lady Babylon satanic
initiation we have got for you a place that we're just gonna go and have a good time in
we're gonna find this spot we're gonna mellow out we're gonna enter that
Antiquity and we're gonna do that through this hypnotic song I love it
tonight you're in for a real treat on lady Babylon
foreign
[Music]
I'm not gonna waste your time but I am going to announce that nonstick informant is downloading or uploading I
should say um is uploading his um fantastic
Medea that I have not yet seen I've seen heard a clip and it sounds just gorgeous
um so thank you thank you Gnostic for that um tonight I don't want to waste any of
your time because we're already we already blasted off late here and I want to Value what you have to give and so
tonight as we sit on that Throne as we start going in to see what the real
mystery is because remember you perverts didn't just come here for fun right this
is an investigation we have to have some evidence and some facts that we're looking at and tonight we're going to
invade that most intimate of spaces we're going to enter into that Sacred
Space of Aphrodite and we've as as usual Chewie has put together a
mesmerizing video to plant within you the correct images now that you are
seated on the throne now that you are seated on the throne uh Chewie hit it
[Music]
[Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
me [Music]
[Music]
thank you [Music]
one poison two people one Flame
one poison two people one Flame this is the
recipe for all of ancient Magic
the orphics realized that Eros is that Central Flame
of the cosmos by the cosmos I don't mean the universe I mean the organization of the invisible
around you that organization which you and I call nature she is that beauty she
is that beauty fantastic fantastic I want to start out tonight and I want to
just go witness some beauty and I'm gonna give you some text that
you know we're dragging in another one of these drugged out
just strung out Visionary uh profits
um from the Bible and so tonight's we've got is not um not um and you say who's
not um I'm gonna introduce you to not um you haven't met him guarantee even if
you're sitting in a seminary right now you haven't met naom yeah fantastic who
is this not um another dirty Prophet having visions
let's see some of that dirtiness come through some of that delugma some of
that pollution let's see that come through Chewie hit us with that first star chart yeah fantastic I just want to
give you this look look look look this is our invocation are you ready verse eight here this is
um this is gorgeous etoy Masai Merida foreign
foreign
isn't that gorgeous you'll find that Jim and that stoned Prophet because as they
told you as they told you the drugs purpose is to bring out that creativity
it is to bring it out and what is he telling you there he's saying bring me
prepare a portion prepare the sacrifice
strike the chords almond
I am she is the one whose power is in the waves
she's the one who is Mistress of the sea she is the one
whose towers are water yeah
yeah this is her so we've we've gone beyond now and we're at a place where we
see what is behind the prophet and his prophecy oh wait a minute you
said this was about Eros and intercourse yes just wait we don't just dive in
right we take our time we want that Garden for for those of you with ears we want
that Garden to be fragrant we want it blown upon
with that breeze we want the fragrance the aromata
to fill the air this is Cyprus this is Cyprus do you see the healing
fantastic love it let's go Chewie take us to the next one next on the star chart yes
um I wanted to throw Medea in here just so you could see right who is she she is
Madea and I'm gonna differ with translators here um they use will say Medea of caucus
right but I have seen her address directly as caucus
so Medea or caucus remember she's the one of the many names the Palm basilea
Medea is the palmbasi Leia when you talk about Hera and when you talk about
Aphrodite and when you talk about the virgin when you talk about Hera and Aphrodite
inversion the three that we offer the golden apple to
all right she is each of them she is each of them lady Babylon Palm
basilea mustarion she is the source
and in this video I've narrated for you her activities directly from the sources
as the Christ as the Christ remember the Christ is a
woman not just the first person Christ did think about this not just the first
person Christ did but the person who figured out the
Christ sting yeah this is a single person a single
person through time so you hit us with that Source again I want us to keep going on that second one yeah who is she
yeah she's the daughter of eet's and what is that third that next word
she is the most that's a superlative Greek student she is the most
Pharmaceutical she is the most knowledgeable in drugs
she is the most an entire nation of people an entire
ethnic group said we are changing our identity
from Aryan to Mead that's what we're going to call
ourselves from now on from now on and ezekius tells us the secret of that name
and would you be surprised if it had to do with Colt and it had to do with her
production of the moisture the moisture remember this is Aphrodite
we're talking about those breezes bring that Aroma and with
the aroma comes the moisture that's the moisture of life that's the moisture of
life to drink of that moisture from that paradise
is the Water of Life wow wow okay these people were
completely completely under the influence right this is this is amazing
and good stuff go back Chewie um one last time and I just want to uh
point out that you know they took the the Golden Fleece right and
um the Greeks call the stuff called that we you and I call NAFTA they call it
Medea's oil that's what it says at the bottom what is Medea's oil Madea's oil
is a petroleum product that is explosive incended incendiary you can't put it out
for some reason you can throw a bucket of water on the stuff doesn't go out doesn't go out
she uses it as a weapon as a personal weapon yes and remember her name from
Babylon all the way to Northern Italy all through North Africa Medea Medea
this most pharmaceutic now I want to show you and in just a second I want to
show you a little bit remember we were talking about the translation of
Septuagint I'm reading from a Septuagint so we told you about the translation many many centuries later into into
Hebrew that only has that much capacity you know eight thousand you know you cut
off a lot of that it's just extra space you know you cut off half of that because they're hot pox lagomina and you
you end up getting just a few unique words as opposed to the Greek the Greek
which has thousands of years of active vibrant development
Generation by generation through literature developing genres pushing
pushing pushing that religion onto the stage yes the dance is alone
all right so um that's the language that we're having to deal with
let's bring up the next text I promised uh people
um yeah um pindar pindar here I want you to notice something tell me pindar
um but can you look can you take me to Jehovah's back room where he has his
arguments with what's her name his wife can you take me there and show
me Pandora show me what are you saying Pender potentia
she who is the queen of the sharpest arrows
she who brought that poikilan Yuga that bird that was tied to that wheel she
brought it from Olympus and she joined it to that wheel this magnetic bird this is kipra Guinea this
is Cyprus this is her she who taught the prayers
and the wisdom and the empodes to
the son of Eason that's Jason she's the one who taught him that in order that he
might abduct in order that he might take Medea Ryan
he's going to rob her for shame before her parents and he's gonna take her off and he's
going to what he's going to see that she is linked in Madness
in Madness with these whips of passion Medea
is the product of Hera Aphrodite
and Athena plotting yes she is think about this the universe
is the result of this interaction these forces interacting it's gorgeous you
can't and this is in the you mean this that kind of stuff is in the text yes it
is go back go to the next text please um I just want you to see uh the NAFTA
here right and they give us okay blah blah blah it has a nominative uh I mean
I mean it has a masculine effeminine and a neuter form right but again he mentions that the medes call right they
call it naphtha this explosive stuff just wait for it we need the NAFTA there
how is this woman involved with sex drugs and explosives what does this have to do with sex in the Bible and Jehovah
yelling at his wife once again bring us that conversation do we do we get that
one right up next here we go hit that one nope we don't need that hit the next one yeah here we go
um what happens to people according to the prophet you're back in the prophet's shoes not um is his name and you'll be
surprised to find him you'll be surprised to find him in places that are magical as opposed to just your biblical
your biblical stuff right right where did I where did I go wrong
um look at the top where did we go wrong guys okay they became weak
right they become weak uh why are these people weak who are we talking about these are these people who
live and never what what's going on um yeah you become weak in your body why
because you have plathus borneos turn us off do you have playth pathos pornos
do you have too much pornea yeah when you were in the mystery and
you are satirical you have the satsariasis
because you've been taking the ceterion and for the last 24 hours you have had an erection
in read too that is being used in the ritual your body is being used you are
taking the communion from others because everybody knows there is no mystery
without Aphrodite there is no mystery without the orgasmos you cannot Jehovah
take that out of the cosmos you cannot Exile her from the cosmos she is that
mystery and you are a frustrated lonely God
we bring we bring here's one for the here's one for the book the bottom of
Jehovah you feel that you feel that you're lying
sack yeah amazing amazing let's not follow the Liars let's
follow DK Justice remember pagans right it's a pagan Revival right we're pagans
you say I don't act like modern pagans do no you don't right and they don't act like ancient
pagans did ancient pagans were trying to save we're trying to to save what they had built
and to build the museums they're trying to save Society they're not trying to
rip it down right okay you got to be Pagan about this it's those bakic mystery religions
that we have to hunt down because they're constantly trying to overthrow us
yeah it's just the way it is you can't get christed and not end up
um insane you cannot get christed and not end up insane this is not um
the prophet give us the next text Chewie this is this has got to get lighter
right if we're gonna enter into yeah um this is the portion of almond I just
wanted you to see this that this is the portion of Amon see that second line last last word in the line this is his
portion what she who inhabits those Rivers yeah gorgeous and um uh whoops no
that's not the one I wanted I wanted you guys to see look tonight technically I've been talking a lot about languages
and I've been saying something that is completely completely uh gonna be
questioned Nobody's Gonna Wanna accept this ten years ago I stepped forward and
said those people were all on drugs and people said no way
and the Very people who said no way are now writing books
about drugs right shame on you people well let me tell you the next thing then the next
step that we've got the next step we've got to overcome is the question of the
source the question of the source these are Greek sources look on the left here
or is that my this way look at that do you see how many that's
50 words that are part of the family of one root one root look at all these
brothers and sisters one Ruth that is the root farmak right the roof for the
drug how many ways do we have of saying drug in Greek you can have drug users
you can have drug dealers you can have adulterated drugs you can have pure drugs you can have expensive drugs and
cheap drugs you can have drugs for medicine you can have drugs for your brain to make didn't say for your brain
they said for your mind you can have those kind of drugs you want to get over your Melancholy you can have drugs to
regulate menstruation yeah the blood is on your hands says
the plot is on your hands pagans yes it is yes it is
it is good fantastic let's go to the next Source we're getting hot we're getting
hot yeah I just want you to see what do we do I'm putting this up now what do we do with the 50
with the 50 different words that we have there um how about Hebrew
how about Hebrew surely this ancient language had time to create for itself a
vast vocabulary Rich vocabulary oh you know I'm kidding right what
wait a minute what 50 what is our definition over on the Hebrew side what
what is this is hilarious Supernatural Powers the supernatural powers used by
idolaters can you hear the Primitive nature
the Primitive nature of the Hebrew itself and I'm talking classical Hebrew not modern because modern Hebrew
blossomed and it has a ton of vocabulary independent words yes what I'm talking about is this the
thing that is claimed to be the source of these texts it doesn't say the same
things I I'm sorry but the guys that broke into the temple right remember
what's his name was some Prophet getting blown off his head with these awful
crazy Vision inducing drugs
um it was one of them and what is he he goes into the temple yeah he goes in the
secret entrance and once you see all the stuff on the walls and it's a lot of men
and what is the Hebrew translation say it doesn't it doesn't but the Greek says
they all had sex with each other they had sex with each other
we're talking about religion and and medicine and cult
mystery specifically all wrapped up into one image fantastic give us another one
this give give us the next uh text down here whoops here give me yeah that one
this is the one we'll go ahead I just want you to see look what did she teach him she taught him that aphrodite she
taught this guy yasan right she taught Jesus what does she teach Jesus she
taught him in the ways of the drugs of the drugs this dude had to get
christed right look at he had to get christed by Medea and on the second to last lines
you see the second word there it is again people take it down to
people I have showed you Christ over and over and over and over again in the
classical extra biblical sources
this is him this is enough for a case when we go back to that Garden of
Gethsemane and I don't know how many minutes in we are somebody clicked the stopwatch but I want you to oh there it
is 25 25 Jesus was arrested in a public park with a naked boy Jesus was arrested
in a public park with a naked boy every time
we bring him to the stand his lawyer is going to object and try to
shut us up because they don't want Christine brought into the court and let
me tell you what Christ thing is ladies and gentlemen of the jury Christ thing is when you apply those
drugs that blast your mind they started with the scythians
who are using them and the culture is the one declaring Medea is our Queen our
Palm Basile and everything that she says her prophecies will lay out a timeline
that will show the world its own progression from which the world can
never turn when she returns so will the end
oh wow lady Babylon that is impressive
that is impressive you mean all of these Greeks walked around with this crazy
crazy adoration for this one woman
yeah they did they did I promised you intercourse
I've lured you in you came in because you could smell the island you could
smell the island at a distance you knew what was coming you knew you
would have some sort of purification this is the groundwork for the texts
that have been misrepresented and sold to you as a fake history
as a false reality I know that none of us have a problem
not swallowing the flood it was a local flood it was this flood
it was there and then you get all sorts of BS arguments back and forth and some scholar will jump in naked
right and Flash himself and it's like you're inappropriate Yale sit down Yale
inappropriate we don't need your arguments what are
the texts saying what are the texts saying and when we started following the Giants and you started looking at
Aphrodite you didn't see the end and completion of the mystery
when you are staring the morning star in the eyes
you find the end you find the end it's her eyes that will
guide you fantastic I want to show you that video one more time and I want you to I want
you to know this that Mike morulis who is Dracula's poet
understood the cult and how the cult operated
we drink blood for a reason
[Music] thank you [Music]
[Music]
foreign [Music]
foreign
[Music]
Jesus didn't start his ministry until we find him with John out in the wilderness
in the water together and he looks up into Uranus and he sees the dove
he sees that spirit that blows
he sees that spirit that flies across the garden Jesus is powered
by this mystery and when he is arrested in a public park at 4am with a naked
child Mark 14 51 and 52. we know he has a reason to be screaming
I'm not a child trafficker this is a traceable rational cult
we can follow it through the evidence so that he doesn't get away with it
thank you for coming tonight hail Satan
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
okay